README.md, before:


# Bling Fire Tokenizer - Open Source

Bling Fire Tokenizer is am English tokenizer designed for fast-speed tokenization for text processing in NLP.
It provides lightening fast tokenization with simple APIs based on Finite State Machines.

## Getting Started

To start using Bling Fire, you can build the project on Windows/Linux with [CMake](https://cmake.org/). For Python users, you can install the latest release using [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/).
`pip install blingfire`

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

### Working Branch

To contribute directly to code base, you should create a personal fork and create feature branches there when you need them. This keeps the main repository clean and your personal workflow cruft out of sight.

### Pull Request

Before we can accept a pull request from you, you'll need to sign a  [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contributor_License_Agreement). It is an automated process and you only need to do it once.

However, you don't have to do this up-front. You can simply clone, fork, and submit your pull-request as usual. When your pull-request is created, it is classified by a CLA bot. If the change is trivial (i.e. you just fixed a typo) then the PR is labelled with  `cla-not-required`. Otherwise, it's classified as  `cla-required`. In that case, the system will also tell you how you can sign the CLA. Once you have signed a CLA, the current and all future pull-requests will be labelled as  `cla-signed`.

To enable us to quickly review and accept your pull requests, always create one pull request per issue and [link the issue in the pull request](https://github.com/blog/957-introducing-issue-mentions) if possible. Never merge multiple requests in one unless they have the same root cause. Besides, keep code changes as small as possible and avoid pure formatting changes to code that has not been modified otherwise.

## Feedback

* Ask a question on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/blingfire).
* Request a new feature on [GitHub](CONTRIBUTING.md).
* Vote for [Popular Feature Requests](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Afeature-request+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc).
* File a bug in [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues).

## Reporting Security Issues

Security issues and bugs should be reported privately, via email, to the Microsoft Security
Response Center (MSRC) at [secure@microsoft.com](mailto:secure@microsoft.com). You should
receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via
email to ensure we received your original message. Further information, including the
[MSRC PGP](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/dn606155) key, can be found in
the [Security TechCenter](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/default).

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE) License.

Commit message:

Add python example code in readme

README.md, after:


# Bling Fire Tokenizer - Open Source

Bling Fire Tokenizer is am English tokenizer designed for fast-speed tokenization for text processing in NLP.
It provides lightening fast tokenization with simple APIs based on Finite State Machines.

## Getting Started

To start using Bling Fire, you can build the project on Windows/Linux with [CMake](https://cmake.org/). For Python users, you can install the latest release using [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/).
`pip install blingfire`

## Tokenization examples
### Python
```python
from blingfire import *
text = 'This is the Bling-Fire tokenizer'
output = text_to_words(text)
```

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

### Working Branch

To contribute directly to code base, you should create a personal fork and create feature branches there when you need them. This keeps the main repository clean and your personal workflow cruft out of sight.

### Pull Request

Before we can accept a pull request from you, you'll need to sign a  [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contributor_License_Agreement). It is an automated process and you only need to do it once.

However, you don't have to do this up-front. You can simply clone, fork, and submit your pull-request as usual. When your pull-request is created, it is classified by a CLA bot. If the change is trivial (i.e. you just fixed a typo) then the PR is labelled with  `cla-not-required`. Otherwise, it's classified as  `cla-required`. In that case, the system will also tell you how you can sign the CLA. Once you have signed a CLA, the current and all future pull-requests will be labelled as  `cla-signed`.

To enable us to quickly review and accept your pull requests, always create one pull request per issue and [link the issue in the pull request](https://github.com/blog/957-introducing-issue-mentions) if possible. Never merge multiple requests in one unless they have the same root cause. Besides, keep code changes as small as possible and avoid pure formatting changes to code that has not been modified otherwise.

## Feedback

* Ask a question on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/blingfire).
* Request a new feature on [GitHub](CONTRIBUTING.md).
* Vote for [Popular Feature Requests](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Afeature-request+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc).
* File a bug in [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues).

## Reporting Security Issues

Security issues and bugs should be reported privately, via email, to the Microsoft Security
Response Center (MSRC) at [secure@microsoft.com](mailto:secure@microsoft.com). You should
receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via
email to ensure we received your original message. Further information, including the
[MSRC PGP](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/dn606155) key, can be found in
the [Security TechCenter](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/default).

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE) License.
