nuget/readme.md, before:

# Bling Fire Nuget package for C#

This folder contains nuget package sources for the Bling Fire Tokenizer wrapper code. It also includes native DLLs and binary files.

To provide better experience on the target platform, we include wrapper code as a source rather than as a compiled assembly. When wrapper code is compiled on Linux and runs on Linux the DllImport directive knows to search for lib...so rathen then for a dll. The wrapper code is very small and hardly there is any advantage in having a separate assembly for it.

To test C# code use the following commands:

0. one time install dotnet framework, see this link for Linux: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux-ubuntu
1. cd BlingFire/nuget/test
2. dotnet run -- BlingUtilsTest


This will compile and run the small [test program](https://github.com/microsoft/BlingFire/blob/master/nuget/test/Program.cs), you should see something like this in the output:
```
Start C# test...
Bling Fire version: 6002
BlingFireUtils.TextToSentences: 'Autophobia, also called monophobia, isolophobia, or eremophobia, is the specific phobia of isolation.
I saw a girl with a telescope.
Я увидел девушку с телескопом.'
BlingFireUtils.GetWords: 'Autophobia, also called monophobia, isolophobia, or eremophobia, is the specific phobia of isolation.
I saw a girl with a telescope.
Я увидел девушку с телескопом.'
BlingFireUtils.TextToWords: 'Autophobia , also called monophobia , isolophobia , or eremophobia , is the specific phobia of isolation . I saw a girl with a telescope . Я увидел девушку с телескопом .'
BlingFireUtils.GetWords: 'Autophobia , also called monophobia , isolophobia , or eremophobia , is the specific phobia of isolation . I saw a girl with a telescope . Я увидел девушку с телескопом .'
BlingFireUtils.NormalizeSpaces: 'Autophobia,▁also▁called▁monophobia,▁isolophobia,▁or▁eremophobia,▁is▁the▁specific▁phobia▁of▁isolation.▁I▁saw▁a▁girl▁with▁a▁telescope.▁Я▁увидел▁девушку▁с▁телескопом.'
Model handle: 36478704
Model handle: 36434896
Model handle: 36436864
return length: 62
return array: [8285, 24920, 1010, 2036, 2170, 18847, 24920, 1010, 11163, 4135, 24920, 1010, 2030, 9413, 6633, 7361, 6806, 11607, 1010, 2003, 1996, 3563, 6887, 16429, 2401, 1997, 12477, 1012, 1045, 2387, 1037, 2611, 2007, 1037, 12772, 1012, 1210, 1198, 25529, 10325, 29742, 15290, 29436, 1184, 15290, 25529, 29748, 29753, 23925, 29748, 1196, 1197, 15290, 29436, 15290, 29747, 23925, 14150, 29746, 14150, 29745, 1012]
return length: 61
return array: [5445, 23174, 19, 77, 271, 7412, 23174, 19, 27, 8292, 23174, 19, 49, 17, 118, 16465, 23174, 19, 27, 18, 1240, 17, 23174, 20, 11491, 9, 35, 685, 24, 1615, 33, 24, 16163, 9, 17, 0, 17, 0, 25711, 15893, 0, 19957, 0, 17, 0, 19957, 25711, 0, 17, 0, 17, 0, 19957, 0, 19957, 0, 17329, 0, 17329, 0, 9]
return length: 49
return array: [4396, 22014, 9166, 4, 2843, 35839, 22460, 22014, 9166, 4, 83, 7537, 22014, 9166, 4, 707, 6, 102835, 22014, 9166, 4, 83, 70, 29458, 53073, 9166, 111, 6, 219488, 5, 87, 24124, 10, 23040, 678, 10, 5501, 70820, 5, 1509, 79132, 29513, 105, 46009, 135, 18293, 41333, 419, 5]
return length: 62
tokens from offsets: ['Auto'/8285 'phobia'/24920 ','/1010 'also'/2036 'called'/2170 'mono'/18847 'phobia'/24920 ','/1010 'iso'/11163 'lo'/4135 'phobia'/24920 ','/1010 'or'/2030 'er'/9413 'em'/6633 'op'/7361 'ho'/6806 'bia'/11607 ','/1010 'is'/2003 'the'/1996 'specific'/3563 'ph'/6887 'ob'/16429 'ia'/2401 'of'/1997 'isolation'/12477 '.'/1012 'I'/1045 'saw'/2387 'a'/1037 'girl'/2611 'with'/2007 'a'/1037 'telescope'/12772 '.'/1012 'Я'/1210 'у'/1198 'в'/25529 'и'/10325 'д'/29742 'е'/15290 'л'/29436 'д'/1184 'е'/15290 'в'/25529 'у'/29748 'ш'/29753 'к'/23925 'у'/29748 'с'/1196 'т'/1197 'е'/15290 'л'/29436 'е'/15290 'с'/29747 'к'/23925 'о'/14150 'п'/29746 'о'/14150 'м'/29745 '.'/1012 ]
return length: 61
tokens from offsets: ['Auto'/5445 'phobia'/23174 ','/19 ' also'/77 ' called'/271 ' mono'/7412 'phobia'/23174 ','/19 ' is'/27 'olo'/8292 'phobia'/23174 ','/19 ' or'/49 ' '/17 'er'/118 'emo'/16465 'phobia'/23174 ','/19 ' is'/27 ' the'/18 ' specific'/1240 ' '/17 'phobia'/23174 ' of'/20 ' isolation'/11491 '.'/9 ' I'/35 ' saw'/685 ' a'/24 ' girl'/1615 ' with'/33 ' a'/24 ' telescope'/16163 '.'/9 ' '/17 'Я'/0 ' '/17 'у'/0 'в'/25711 'и'/15893 'д'/0 'е'/19957 'л'/0 ' '/17 'д'/0 'е'/19957 'в'/25711 'ушку'/0 ' '/17 'с'/0 ' '/17 'т'/0 'е'/19957 'л'/0 'е'/19957 'ск'/0 'о'/17329 'п'/0 'о'/17329 'м'/0 '.'/9 ]
return length: 49
tokens from offsets: ['Auto'/4396 'pho'/22014 'bia'/9166 ','/4 ' also'/2843 ' called'/35839 ' mono'/22460 'pho'/22014 'bia'/9166 ','/4 ' is'/83 'olo'/7537 'pho'/22014 'bia'/9166 ','/4 ' or'/707 ' '/6 'eremo'/102835 'pho'/22014 'bia'/9166 ','/4 ' is'/83 ' the'/70 ' specific'/29458 ' pho'/53073 'bia'/9166 ' of'/111 ' '/6 'isolation'/219488 '.'/5 ' I'/87 ' saw'/24124 ' a'/10 ' girl'/23040 ' with'/678 ' a'/10 ' tele'/5501 'scope'/70820 '.'/5 ' Я'/1509 ' увидел'/79132 ' дев'/29513 'у'/105 'шку'/46009 ' с'/135 ' теле'/18293 'скоп'/41333 'ом'/419 '.'/5 ]
Model handle: 36478704
'Au-topho-bia' ',' 'al-so' 'called' 'mono-pho-bia' ',' 'iso-lopho-bia' ',' 'or' 'e-re-mopho-bia' ',' 'is' 'the' 'spe-ci-fic' 'pho-bia' 'of' 'iso-la-tion' '.' 'I' 'saw' 'a' 'girl' 'with' 'a' 'te-le-s-cope' '.' 'Я' 'уви-дел' 'де-ву-шку' 'с' 'те-лес-ко-пом' '. ' 
Test Complete
```
Note: In Windows console default encoding is set to something old so only ascii symbols will be printed, but this is a display issue. You can manually set it to use UTF-8 if you want proper output.

After changes were made to the nuget package, to create a new NuGet package run from the lib folder (here use Release configuration since we are going to publish it):
```
dotnet pack --configuration Release
```


Test it first by publishing into a local repo (you need to install nuget.exe on linux):
```
nuget.exe add lib/bin/Release/BlingFireNuget.0.1.5.nupkg -Source /home/sergei/BlingFire2/tmplocalnugetrepo/packages/

Installing BlingFireNuget 0.1.5.
...

```

Make sure your local NuGet.config contains this directory as a feed:
```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<configuration>
  <packageSources>
    <add key="nuget.org" value="https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json" protocolVersion="3" />
    <add key="Test Source" value="/home/sergei/BlingFire2/tmplocalnugetrepo/packages" />
  </packageSources>
</configuration>
```

Now update the test project to consume a new version and run it (note here use Debug configuration, because paths to the model files are hardcode the configuration type):
```
mcedit BlingUtilsTest.csproj
dotnet run --configuration Debug BlingUtilsTest.csproj
```


After verifying the package works correctly localy, upload the nupkg to nuget.org.

To publish to GitHub (optional) use the following command, it requires having API token, which can be regenerated via Account / Settings / DeveloperSettings / ... :
```
dotnet nuget push "bin/Release/BlingFire.x.y.z.nupkg" --source "github" --api-key a123687fef23b8bfake0234820394802ffebc233
```


When you publish to GitHub the lib directory should contain nuget.config file with the valid token for package writing:
```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<configuration>
    <packageSources>
        <clear />
        <add key="github" value="https://nuget.pkg.github.com/microsoft/index.json" />
    </packageSources>
    <packageSourceCredentials>
        <github>
            <add key="Username" value="xyz" />
            <add key="ClearTextPassword" value="0123456789" />
        </github>
    </packageSourceCredentials>
</configuration>
```

Commit message:

updated nuget and pypi packages with windows binaries, fixed some bugs

nuget/readme.md, after:

# Bling Fire Nuget package for C#

This folder contains nuget package sources for the Bling Fire Tokenizer wrapper code. It also includes native DLLs and binary files.

To provide better experience on the target platform, we include wrapper code as a source rather than as a compiled assembly. When wrapper code is compiled on Linux and runs on Linux the DllImport directive knows to search for lib...so rathen then for a dll. The wrapper code is very small and hardly there is any advantage in having a separate assembly for it.

To test C# code use the following commands:

0. one time install dotnet framework, see this link for Linux: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux-ubuntu
1. cd BlingFire/nuget/test
2. dotnet run -- BlingUtilsTest


This will compile and run the small [test program](https://github.com/microsoft/BlingFire/blob/master/nuget/test/Program.cs), you should see something like this in the output:
```
Start C# test...
Bling Fire version: 6002
BlingFireUtils.TextToSentences: 'Autophobia, also called monophobia, isolophobia, or eremophobia, is the specific phobia of isolation.
I saw a girl with a telescope.
Я увидел девушку с телескопом.'
BlingFireUtils.GetWords: 'Autophobia, also called monophobia, isolophobia, or eremophobia, is the specific phobia of isolation.
I saw a girl with a telescope.
Я увидел девушку с телескопом.'
BlingFireUtils.TextToWords: 'Autophobia , also called monophobia , isolophobia , or eremophobia , is the specific phobia of isolation . I saw a girl with a telescope . Я увидел девушку с телескопом .'
BlingFireUtils.GetWords: 'Autophobia , also called monophobia , isolophobia , or eremophobia , is the specific phobia of isolation . I saw a girl with a telescope . Я увидел девушку с телескопом .'
BlingFireUtils.NormalizeSpaces: 'Autophobia,▁also▁called▁monophobia,▁isolophobia,▁or▁eremophobia,▁is▁the▁specific▁phobia▁of▁isolation.▁I▁saw▁a▁girl▁with▁a▁telescope.▁Я▁увидел▁девушку▁с▁телескопом.'
Model handle: 36478704
Model handle: 36434896
Model handle: 36436864
return length: 62
return array: [8285, 24920, 1010, 2036, 2170, 18847, 24920, 1010, 11163, 4135, 24920, 1010, 2030, 9413, 6633, 7361, 6806, 11607, 1010, 2003, 1996, 3563, 6887, 16429, 2401, 1997, 12477, 1012, 1045, 2387, 1037, 2611, 2007, 1037, 12772, 1012, 1210, 1198, 25529, 10325, 29742, 15290, 29436, 1184, 15290, 25529, 29748, 29753, 23925, 29748, 1196, 1197, 15290, 29436, 15290, 29747, 23925, 14150, 29746, 14150, 29745, 1012]
return length: 61
return array: [5445, 23174, 19, 77, 271, 7412, 23174, 19, 27, 8292, 23174, 19, 49, 17, 118, 16465, 23174, 19, 27, 18, 1240, 17, 23174, 20, 11491, 9, 35, 685, 24, 1615, 33, 24, 16163, 9, 17, 0, 17, 0, 25711, 15893, 0, 19957, 0, 17, 0, 19957, 25711, 0, 17, 0, 17, 0, 19957, 0, 19957, 0, 17329, 0, 17329, 0, 9]
return length: 49
return array: [4396, 22014, 9166, 4, 2843, 35839, 22460, 22014, 9166, 4, 83, 7537, 22014, 9166, 4, 707, 6, 102835, 22014, 9166, 4, 83, 70, 29458, 53073, 9166, 111, 6, 219488, 5, 87, 24124, 10, 23040, 678, 10, 5501, 70820, 5, 1509, 79132, 29513, 105, 46009, 135, 18293, 41333, 419, 5]
return length: 62
tokens from offsets: ['Auto'/8285 'phobia'/24920 ','/1010 'also'/2036 'called'/2170 'mono'/18847 'phobia'/24920 ','/1010 'iso'/11163 'lo'/4135 'phobia'/24920 ','/1010 'or'/2030 'er'/9413 'em'/6633 'op'/7361 'ho'/6806 'bia'/11607 ','/1010 'is'/2003 'the'/1996 'specific'/3563 'ph'/6887 'ob'/16429 'ia'/2401 'of'/1997 'isolation'/12477 '.'/1012 'I'/1045 'saw'/2387 'a'/1037 'girl'/2611 'with'/2007 'a'/1037 'telescope'/12772 '.'/1012 'Я'/1210 'у'/1198 'в'/25529 'и'/10325 'д'/29742 'е'/15290 'л'/29436 'д'/1184 'е'/15290 'в'/25529 'у'/29748 'ш'/29753 'к'/23925 'у'/29748 'с'/1196 'т'/1197 'е'/15290 'л'/29436 'е'/15290 'с'/29747 'к'/23925 'о'/14150 'п'/29746 'о'/14150 'м'/29745 '.'/1012 ]
return length: 61
tokens from offsets: ['Auto'/5445 'phobia'/23174 ','/19 ' also'/77 ' called'/271 ' mono'/7412 'phobia'/23174 ','/19 ' is'/27 'olo'/8292 'phobia'/23174 ','/19 ' or'/49 ' '/17 'er'/118 'emo'/16465 'phobia'/23174 ','/19 ' is'/27 ' the'/18 ' specific'/1240 ' '/17 'phobia'/23174 ' of'/20 ' isolation'/11491 '.'/9 ' I'/35 ' saw'/685 ' a'/24 ' girl'/1615 ' with'/33 ' a'/24 ' telescope'/16163 '.'/9 ' '/17 'Я'/0 ' '/17 'у'/0 'в'/25711 'и'/15893 'д'/0 'е'/19957 'л'/0 ' '/17 'д'/0 'е'/19957 'в'/25711 'ушку'/0 ' '/17 'с'/0 ' '/17 'т'/0 'е'/19957 'л'/0 'е'/19957 'ск'/0 'о'/17329 'п'/0 'о'/17329 'м'/0 '.'/9 ]
return length: 49
tokens from offsets: ['Auto'/4396 'pho'/22014 'bia'/9166 ','/4 ' also'/2843 ' called'/35839 ' mono'/22460 'pho'/22014 'bia'/9166 ','/4 ' is'/83 'olo'/7537 'pho'/22014 'bia'/9166 ','/4 ' or'/707 ' '/6 'eremo'/102835 'pho'/22014 'bia'/9166 ','/4 ' is'/83 ' the'/70 ' specific'/29458 ' pho'/53073 'bia'/9166 ' of'/111 ' '/6 'isolation'/219488 '.'/5 ' I'/87 ' saw'/24124 ' a'/10 ' girl'/23040 ' with'/678 ' a'/10 ' tele'/5501 'scope'/70820 '.'/5 ' Я'/1509 ' увидел'/79132 ' дев'/29513 'у'/105 'шку'/46009 ' с'/135 ' теле'/18293 'скоп'/41333 'ом'/419 '.'/5 ]
Model handle: 36478704
'Au-topho-bia' ',' 'al-so' 'called' 'mono-pho-bia' ',' 'iso-lopho-bia' ',' 'or' 'e-re-mopho-bia' ',' 'is' 'the' 'spe-ci-fic' 'pho-bia' 'of' 'iso-la-tion' '.' 'I' 'saw' 'a' 'girl' 'with' 'a' 'te-le-s-cope' '.' 'Я' 'уви-дел' 'де-ву-шку' 'с' 'те-лес-ко-пом' '. ' 
Test Complete
```
Note: In Windows console default encoding is set to something old so only ascii symbols will be printed, but this is a display issue. You can manually set it to use UTF-8 if you want proper output.

After changes were made to the nuget package, to create a new NuGet package run from the lib folder (here use Release configuration since we are going to publish it):
```
dotnet pack --configuration Release
```


Test it first by publishing into a local repo (you need to install nuget.exe on linux and on Windows, see https://www.nuget.org/downloads):
```
# on Linux
nuget.exe add lib/bin/Release/BlingFireNuget.0.1.5.nupkg -Source /home/sergei/BlingFire2/tmplocalnugetrepo/packages/

# on Windows
C:\src\BlingFire\nuget\lib>c:\Users\sergeio\Downloads\nuget.exe add bin\Release\BlingFireNuget.0.1.7.nupkg -Source C:/Users/sergeio/mytestnugets

```

Make sure your local NuGet.config contains this directory as a feed:
```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<configuration>
  <packageSources>
    <add key="nuget.org" value="https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json" protocolVersion="3" />
    <add key="Test Source" value="/home/sergei/BlingFire2/tmplocalnugetrepo/packages" />
  </packageSources>
</configuration>
```

Now update the test project to consume a new version and run it (note here use Debug configuration, because paths to the model files are hardcode the configuration type):
```
mcedit BlingUtilsTest.csproj
dotnet run --configuration Debug BlingUtilsTest.csproj
```


After verifying the package works correctly localy, upload the nupkg to nuget.org.

To publish to GitHub (optional) use the following command, it requires having API token, which can be regenerated via Account / Settings / DeveloperSettings / ... :
```
dotnet nuget push "bin/Release/BlingFire.x.y.z.nupkg" --source "github" --api-key a123687fef23b8bfake0234820394802ffebc233
```


When you publish to GitHub the lib directory should contain nuget.config file with the valid token for package writing:
```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<configuration>
    <packageSources>
        <clear />
        <add key="github" value="https://nuget.pkg.github.com/microsoft/index.json" />
    </packageSources>
    <packageSourceCredentials>
        <github>
            <add key="Username" value="xyz" />
            <add key="ClearTextPassword" value="0123456789" />
        </github>
    </packageSourceCredentials>
</configuration>
```
